Oh time, time has fixed me
Nothing is the same as before
Someone has already healed me
Ooh the wind, the wind has turned well
Don't waste my time
Another one knew how to heal me
You there you disappear without leave a note
You preferred to run away like a child, leave without looking back
I lent you my heart and you gave it your back
You made me waste my time,
You didn't let me speak
And now, you come back, and like before,
you hope to find the one who loved you, the one with whom you played
and now, now it's you who wants to talk
and all your best phrases you want to stall them
dont waste my time
oh the time, time has fixed me
Nothing is the same as before
Someone has already healed me
Ooh the wind, the wind has turned well
Don't waste my time
Another man healed
me Don't make me believe that I 'did not do the right thing
Me I made you come before everything
I lost my reason
Without any remorse you threw everything into the water
I had become addicted to your taste
The taste of your poison
But now I'm okay with you
I felt like I had to beg
For something you owe me no
Now you finally want to hear me
We stopped you want to resume
Don't waste my time
Oh time, time fixed me
Nothing's the way it used to be
Someone already healed me
Ooh the wind, the wind has turned well
Don't waste my time
Another man healed me